docs/core/set.md, before:

# Set

EsDay has 2 methods to set the elements of a date: the specific setter (`year()`, `month()` etc.) and the generic setter (`set`).

The `year()` method sets the year of the date.

The `month()` method sets the month of the date (0-based, i.e. 0..11).

The `date()` method sets the day of the month of a date.

The `day()` method sets the day of the week of a date (0 .. 6). If a locale is loaded, '0' is the first day of the week as defined in the locale settings. Otherwise '0' is Sunday,'1' is Monday etc.

The `hour()` method sets the hour of the date (0..23).

The `minute()` method sets the minute of the date.

The `second()` method sets the second of the date.

The `millisecond()` method sets the millisecond of the date.

The `set` method takes a unit parameter to define, which value to set in a date.

All setters will bubble up to the next higher unit, If the range is exceeded. I.e. if minutes are set to a value higher than 59, the value will bubble up to hours etc.

## Usage

### Method signatures
```signature
esday().set(unit: UnitYears, year: number, month?: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitQuarters, quarter: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitMonths, month: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitWeeks, week: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitDates, date: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitDays, day: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitHours, hours: number, min?: number, sec?: number, ms?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitMins, min: number, sec?: number, ms?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitSeconds, sec: number, ms?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitMss, ms: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitsObjectTypeSet): EsDay
esday().year((year: number, month?: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().month((month: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().date((date: number): EsDay
esday().day((day: number): EsDay
esday().hour((hours: number): EsDay
esday().minute((min: number): EsDay
esday().second((sec: number): EsDay
esday().millisecond((ms: number): EsDay
```

| parameter | description                |
| --------- | -------------------------- |
| unit      | Unit to use for the getter |

### Available Units in UnitTypeGetSet

| Singular    | Plural       | Shorthand | Comment      |
| ----------- | ------------ | --------- | ------------ |
| year        | years        | y         |              |
| quarter     | quarters     | Q         |              |
| month       | months       | M         |              |
| isoWeek     | isoWeeks     | W         |              |
| week        | weeks        | w         |              |
| day         | days         | d         | day of week  |
| date        | dates        | D         | day of month |
| hour        | hours        | h         |              |
| minute      | minutes      | m         |              |
| second      | seconds      | s         |              |
| millisecond | milliseconds | ms        |              |

`date` is 'day of month' and `day` is 'day of week'.

`UnitYears` means one of the 3 forms of units for years ('y', 'year' or 'years'). The same goes for the other units (like UnitQuarters, UnitMonths, etc.).

The unit `week` (in short, long and plural forms) requires the plugin [week](../plugins/week.md) to be loaded.

The unit `quarter` (in short, long and plural forms) requires the plugin [quarterOfYear](../plugins/quarterOfYear.md) to be loaded.

`UnitsObjectTypeSet` (an object containing several units and values to set) requires the plugin [ObjectSupport](../plugins/objectSupport.md).


## Differences to Moment.js

When setting the year you can add parameters to set the month and date too. The same goes true for hours, minutes and seconds that can set the corresponding smaller units too.

## Examples
```typescript
import { esday } from 'esday'

esday('2019-01-25').year(2025)
// Returns esday for '2025-01-25T00:00:00'

esday('2019-03-25T12:34:56.789').set(esday('month', 5)
// Returns esday for '2019-06-25T12:34:56.789'

esday('2019-01-25T12:34:56.789').set(esday('D', 5)
// Returns esday for '2019-01-05T12:34:56.789'

esday('2019-01-25T12:34:56.789').set(esday('d', 2)
// Returns esday for '2019-01-22T12:34:56.789', as no locale is loaded
```

Commit message:

feat: clamp day when setting year+month or month without day-of-month
day-of-month is clamped to the last day of a month, when the new month
does not have enough days to keep the current day of month

docs/core/set.md, after:

# Set

EsDay has 2 methods to set the elements of a date: the specific setter (`year()`, `month()` etc.) and the generic setter (`set`).

The `year()` method sets the year of the date.

The `month()` method sets the month of the date (0-based, i.e. 0..11).

The `date()` method sets the day of the month of a date.

The `day()` method sets the day of the week of a date (0 .. 6). If a locale is loaded, '0' is the first day of the week as defined in the locale settings. Otherwise '0' is Sunday,'1' is Monday etc.

The `hour()` method sets the hour of the date (0..23).

The `minute()` method sets the minute of the date.

The `second()` method sets the second of the date.

The `millisecond()` method sets the millisecond of the date.

The `set` method takes a unit parameter to define, which value to set in a date.

All setters will bubble up to the next higher unit, If the range is exceeded. I.e. if minutes are set to a value higher than 59, the value will bubble up to hours etc.

## Usage

### Method signatures
```signature
esday().set(unit: UnitYears, year: number, month?: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitQuarters, quarter: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitMonths, month: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitWeeks, week: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitDates, date: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitDays, day: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitHours, hours: number, min?: number, sec?: number, ms?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitMins, min: number, sec?: number, ms?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitSeconds, sec: number, ms?: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitMss, ms: number): EsDay
esday().set(unit: UnitsObjectTypeSet): EsDay
esday().year((year: number, month?: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().month((month: number, date?: number): EsDay
esday().date((date: number): EsDay
esday().day((day: number): EsDay
esday().hour((hours: number): EsDay
esday().minute((min: number): EsDay
esday().second((sec: number): EsDay
esday().millisecond((ms: number): EsDay
```

| parameter | description                |
| --------- | -------------------------- |
| unit      | Unit to use for the getter |

### Available Units in UnitTypeGetSet

| Singular    | Plural       | Shorthand | Comment      |
| ----------- | ------------ | --------- | ------------ |
| year        | years        | y         |              |
| quarter     | quarters     | Q         |              |
| month       | months       | M         |              |
| isoWeek     | isoWeeks     | W         |              |
| week        | weeks        | w         |              |
| day         | days         | d         | day of week  |
| date        | dates        | D         | day of month |
| hour        | hours        | h         |              |
| minute      | minutes      | m         |              |
| second      | seconds      | s         |              |
| millisecond | milliseconds | ms        |              |

`date` is 'day of month' and `day` is 'day of week'.

`UnitYears` means one of the 3 forms of units for years ('y', 'year' or 'years'). The same goes for the other units (like UnitQuarters, UnitMonths, etc.).

The unit `week` (in short, long and plural forms) requires the plugin [week](../plugins/week.md) to be loaded.

The unit `quarter` (in short, long and plural forms) requires the plugin [quarterOfYear](../plugins/quarterOfYear.md) to be loaded.

`UnitsObjectTypeSet` (an object containing several units and values to set) requires the plugin [ObjectSupport](../plugins/objectSupport.md).


## Differences to Moment.js

When setting the year you can add parameters to set the month and date too. The same goes true for hours, minutes and seconds that can set the corresponding smaller units too.

Setting year/month or month using the `set` operator: if the new month does not have enough days to keep the current day of month (e.g. 31), day is clamped to the end of the target month (see [moment.js](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/get-set/month/).


## Examples
```typescript
import { esday } from 'esday'

esday('2019-01-25').year(2025)
// Returns esday for '2025-01-25T00:00:00'

esday('2019-03-25T12:34:56.789').set(esday('month', 5)
// Returns esday for '2019-06-25T12:34:56.789'

esday('2019-01-25T12:34:56.789').set(esday('D', 5)
// Returns esday for '2019-01-05T12:34:56.789'

esday('2019-01-25T12:34:56.789').set(esday('d', 2)
// Returns esday for '2019-01-22T12:34:56.789', as no locale is loaded
```
